What do we need for the app

FRONT END
	two input fields for audio data upload (direct recording and uploading a sound)
	audio player for the uploaded data
	possibility 
	classification results (probability scores?)
	visualization of the spectrogram
	Metadata survey: GPS or manual entries, weather conditions, further notes

	
	Upcoming add ons
	GPS Map access and entry
	live sound analysis
	UI Design improvement
	Profile with own stats: past observations, most common birds in the area, timely dependent calls
	community function: sharing and sending entries, bird wikipedia, feedback options
	
BACK END
	integration of CNN Model by StreamLit Callback or FlaskAPI in Colab which connects to the app
	saving the data as CSV or JSON on drive or local storage
	connection to data bank (BUND) and sending it
	data bank: saving accounts, classification results and audio metadata and location status
	maybe a video file converter to .ogg
1. Preprocessing
	a. Data upload
		save as .ogg
	b. read audio and normalize
		librosa load for sample rate?
	c. create spectrogram
		MEL SG calculation
		librosa.feature.melspectrogram() or librosa.feature.mfcc()
2. Model Inference
	a. change to proper format (pytorch?)
	b. load ResNet and make prediction
	c. give output classification
3. output results and save
	a. give out classification in readable output
	
	
	
	
	
OPEN QUESTIONS

Do we save the model locally or on colab?
locally: it means we are able to implement it directly into streamlit 
colab: we would have to write an API for it on colab




Addons current version March 4th:

Profile with own stats
way to save all collected data into our dataset, whilst every user is able to download their own csv on the datax


now for the presentation: make a better map - bigger legend, lighter map and bigger dots, different green

Data Challenges: Less text!!!! 

App: make a video on how it works, if the app is not working

change the plots that you are showing, they do not say enough, 
new ideas for plots: distribution of endangerment statuses

